1.  large rooms, with the associated modifications to spells, skills, 
	mobile activities, etc
2.  mobs with sizes, races, forms, racial hatreds, that act more like
	pcs, like - movement based on fighting tick, and lagged same
	way players are.  Some monsters should help each other, without
	being aggressive.. Some monsters, perhaps many should have a 
	long term memory, where they start disliking chars who kill them
	often.
3.  objects with more info - encumbrance, material make-up (metal, leather,
	etc).  armor values based more on material than a "number". 
	consistency of the object would control how much damage it took.
	
4.  spells on rooms, that would affect people who enter or leave.
5.  A slightly scripted "background plot", that would affect what was
	going on in the world, depending on actions that occured before.
	This is one of those almost non-feasible things, but I would like
	to see a mud where things change from time to time.
6.  A world that isn't based on certain monsters being in certain places..
	a cave is a cave, whether there is a dragon or a giant in it
	
7.  A semi-modular world, that could be reconfigured easily, so it would
	change from time to time  

8.  Perhaps no regens.. Game comes up, scripts move things in certain
	directions, until either the script runs out, or game is empty,
	at which point everything reboots and starts over - maybe even
	players would start over.   for example:
	say first script ever is 'small city of X, with a horde of orcs 
	heading towards it frm the north.' script would move orcs south
	slowly, and if they eventually got to the city, the guards would
	go and fight the orcs.  Players could do things like - fight orcs,
	go try to find help from another city, try to find "magic amulet"
	which would drive orcs away, etc.  Then, when script was finished,
	game would reset, player file would be wiped (maybe), and the script
	would be extended to add new places, and more stuff to do.  
	I know this is pretty flaky, but it is a wish list, and this is one
	of the things I really wish could happen. :-)  If you're interested
	in it, we can talk about it further, but if not, oh well.. I'll just
	keep thinking about it.

5 and 8 are (obviously) linked.  6 and 7 are a bit more stand-alone, but 
also associated with 5 and 8

9)  objects- size and weight factoring in to who could use them, 
	(weapons), etc.  just about anything can be a weapon.. some are
	just better than others...

10 - flowing rivers... objects which float on rivers, people can be
	ON these objects, 

11 - objects which can have rooms inside..
12 - mobs which can have rooms inside, and various other places

	(huge ancient trees you can climb, whales that can swallow you)

13 - spells which react together more "realistically".  Like, if you have
	infravision, and a fireball goes off, you should be blind for a 
	while.  

14 - eq should have weight, you should get tired if you are wearing lots
	of eq.
15 - weather should change from place to place on the game, and follow some 
	consistent pattern.  Ambient temperature should play a part in
	damage, etc.  (if -20 degrees, player should take some damage if
	not wearing clothing which warms him/her).
	spells could perhaps be integrated with this - if a fireball is cast,
	it heats the room, for just a few instants, and everyone is checked
	for damaged based on the heat, and the duration, etc...
	(shrug, again, this is a wish list :-)

16 -  charm should not make mindless followers.  

17 - rooms should be dynamically addable and removeable.. so should mobs,
	and objects.
18 - some standard, built in mechanism for building houses, or otherwise
	modifying the database (as a player) should be provided.
	(so one can buy a plot of land, and hire a builder to build a
	house based on an existing plan.  ditto for castles, etc)	

I don't really have any preference over how the characters should be made,
	and developed.  I use ad&d cause its an easily recognizable standard,
	not because it has any great reverence from me.

I'll send more as they come to me.



